README.md, before:

# NostrGit

A truly censorship-resistant alternative to GitHub that has a chance of working.

Read about the vision [here](https://github.com/NostrGit/NostrGit/tree/main/documentation/vision.md).

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)
- [ui.shadcn.com](https://ui.shadcn.com)

We use the [T3 stack](https://create.t3.gg/).

<a href="https://nostrgit.com"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8019099/223422735-795b4341-5751-49ce-bffb-800ee81788d2.jpg" alt="NostrGit"></a>

# Development

Fork the repo

```bash
# install yarn packages
$ yarn
# run in development mode (localhost:3000)
$ yarn dev
```

# Questions or discussions

Have a question or a proposal? Create a [new issue](https://github.com/NostrGit/NostrGit/issues/new).

# Contributing

The NostrGit project operates an open contributor model where anyone is welcome to contribute towards development in the form of peer review, documentation, testing and patches. Anyone is invited to contribute without regard to technical experience, "expertise", OSS experience, age, or other concern.

If you are new to contributing to open source projects, please see the [Open Source Guides](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/) on how to get started.

See [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/NostrGit/NostrGit/blob/main/documentation/development/contributing.md).

## Contributors

<img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=nostrgit/nostrgit" alt="list of contributors" />

# Roadmap

Product

We need to define the product roadmap. We need to figure out what features we want to implement. If you have any idea, please feel free to create a new issue.

UI

- [ ] Mobile Breakpoints
- [ ] Code
  - [ ] Clone with HTTPS
  - [ ] Clone with SSH
  - [ ] Download ZIP
- [ ] Issues
  - [ ] Issues list
    - [ ] Filter by open / closed issues
  - [ ] Single issue
    - [ ] Show details about the issue
    - [ ] Commenting / comment threads
  - [ ] New issue page
- [ ] Pull Requests
  - [ ] Pull requests list
  - [ ] Single pull request page
  - [ ] New pull request page
- [ ] Discussions
- [ ] Insights
  - [ ] Repo statistics
    - Merged pull requests
    - Open pull requests
    - Closed issues
    - New issues
  - [ ] Tabs
    - [ ] Contributors
    - [ ] Commits
    - [ ] Code frequency
    - [ ] Dependency graph
    - [ ] Forks
- [ ] Settings
  - [ ] Edit repository name
  - [ ] Toggle features
    - Wikis
    - Issues
    - Discussions
    - Pull requests
      - Allow merge commits
      - Allow squash merging
      - Allow rebase merging
  - [ ] Danger zone
    - Change repo visibility
    - Transfer ownership
    - Delete repo
  - [ ] Settings tabs
    - [ ] General
    - [ ] Access (collaborators)
      - [ ] View collaborators
      - [ ] Add collaborators
      - [ ] Remove collaborators
    - [ ] Branches
      - [ ] Branch protection rules
    - [ ] Tags
    - [ ] Actions
    - [ ] Secrets and variables

Nostr

- [ ] Login
- [ ] Figure out decentralised data storage
  - [ ] New repository: serve created repository with [GitTorrent](https://github.com/cjb/GitTorrent)
  - [ ] Repo has a public key
    ```JSON
    {
        "pubkey": "abcd123...",
        "nrepo": "nrepo1ris1683fw6n2mvhl5h6dhqd8mqfv3wmxnz4qph83ua4dk4006ezsrt5c24"
    }
    ```
  - [ ] Zap a repo
    - [ ] Zap PRs
  - [ ] Rate a repo
  - [ ] Follow a repo
  - [ ] Comment on a repo
  - [ ] Add bounties

Special Thanks

<a href="https://vercel.com?utm_source=nostrgit&utm_campaign=oss"><img src="https://images.ctfassets.net/e5382hct74si/78Olo8EZRdUlcDUFQvnzG7/fa4cdb6dc04c40fceac194134788a0e2/1618983297-powered-by-vercel.svg" />

Commit message:

Update readme with link to bitcoin-development docs.

README.md, after:

# NostrGit

A truly censorship-resistant alternative to GitHub that has a chance of working.

Read about the vision [here](https://github.com/NostrGit/NostrGit/tree/main/documentation/vision.md).

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)
- [ui.shadcn.com](https://ui.shadcn.com)

We use the [T3 stack](https://create.t3.gg/).

<a href="https://nostrgit.com"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8019099/223422735-795b4341-5751-49ce-bffb-800ee81788d2.jpg" alt="NostrGit"></a>

# Development

Fork the repo

```bash
# install yarn packages
$ yarn
# run in development mode (localhost:3000)
$ yarn dev
```

# Questions or discussions

Have a question or a proposal? Create a [new issue](https://github.com/NostrGit/NostrGit/issues/new).

# Contributing

The NostrGit project operates an open contributor model where anyone is welcome to contribute towards development in the form of peer review, documentation, testing and patches. Anyone is invited to contribute without regard to technical experience, "expertise", OSS experience, age, or other concern.

If you are new to contributing to open source projects, please see the [Open Source Guides](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/) on how to get started.

See [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/NostrGit/NostrGit/blob/main/documentation/development/contributing.md).

You may also want to check out the [bitcoin-development](https://github.com/jonatack/bitcoin-development/blob/master/how-to-review-bitcoin-core-prs.md) repository about the principles of Bitcoin development in general. Most of them apply also here. 

## Contributors

<img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=nostrgit/nostrgit" alt="list of contributors" />

# Roadmap

Product

We need to define the product roadmap. We need to figure out what features we want to implement. If you have any idea, please feel free to create a new issue.

UI

- [ ] Mobile Breakpoints
- [ ] Code
  - [ ] Clone with HTTPS
  - [ ] Clone with SSH
  - [ ] Download ZIP
- [ ] Issues
  - [ ] Issues list
    - [ ] Filter by open / closed issues
  - [ ] Single issue
    - [ ] Show details about the issue
    - [ ] Commenting / comment threads
  - [ ] New issue page
- [ ] Pull Requests
  - [ ] Pull requests list
  - [ ] Single pull request page
  - [ ] New pull request page
- [ ] Discussions
- [ ] Insights
  - [ ] Repo statistics
    - Merged pull requests
    - Open pull requests
    - Closed issues
    - New issues
  - [ ] Tabs
    - [ ] Contributors
    - [ ] Commits
    - [ ] Code frequency
    - [ ] Dependency graph
    - [ ] Forks
- [ ] Settings
  - [ ] Edit repository name
  - [ ] Toggle features
    - Wikis
    - Issues
    - Discussions
    - Pull requests
      - Allow merge commits
      - Allow squash merging
      - Allow rebase merging
  - [ ] Danger zone
    - Change repo visibility
    - Transfer ownership
    - Delete repo
  - [ ] Settings tabs
    - [ ] General
    - [ ] Access (collaborators)
      - [ ] View collaborators
      - [ ] Add collaborators
      - [ ] Remove collaborators
    - [ ] Branches
      - [ ] Branch protection rules
    - [ ] Tags
    - [ ] Actions
    - [ ] Secrets and variables

Nostr

- [ ] Login
- [ ] Figure out decentralised data storage
  - [ ] New repository: serve created repository with [GitTorrent](https://github.com/cjb/GitTorrent)
  - [ ] Repo has a public key
    ```JSON
    {
        "pubkey": "abcd123...",
        "nrepo": "nrepo1ris1683fw6n2mvhl5h6dhqd8mqfv3wmxnz4qph83ua4dk4006ezsrt5c24"
    }
    ```
  - [ ] Zap a repo
    - [ ] Zap PRs
  - [ ] Rate a repo
  - [ ] Follow a repo
  - [ ] Comment on a repo
  - [ ] Add bounties

Special Thanks

<a href="https://vercel.com?utm_source=nostrgit&utm_campaign=oss"><img src="https://images.ctfassets.net/e5382hct74si/78Olo8EZRdUlcDUFQvnzG7/fa4cdb6dc04c40fceac194134788a0e2/1618983297-powered-by-vercel.svg" />
